_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "👋🏻 Hi there, I'm Xueru. "
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me 👩🏻‍🎓
🔬 I am pursuing a Master's in Electrical Engineering following my undergraduate education at [The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art](https://cooper.edu/welcome). **My work is on optimizing the power consumption and bandwidth of a quadrature phase generator for wireless communication.** I am advised by [Dr. Jabeom Koo](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=SQ9yG6wAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate) and I aim to complete my thesis by May 2024. 

📚 Currently, I am taking classes in Medical Imaging and Remote Sensing (analyzing satellite imagery), where I hone my image processing skills. On the side, I grade work for the undergraduate Circuit Analysis class that Professor Koo teaches.

🖌️ My main research interest is in Analog Radio Frequency Design. I wish to pursue a PhD to delve deeper into this field and accomplish meaningful research in academia.

## Recent News 🎉
📡 I finished my second summer at Persistent Systems, LLC in NYC, where I worked with engineers in the lab to characterize the power supply of prototype main boards, debug voltage rail issues, write automation scripts, design and run testing matrices among a handful of things. 

🎓 In May 2023, [I graduated](https://cooper.edu/gallery/commencement-2023#img_gallery-15) Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelors in Electrical Engineering and a minor in Computer Science.

_Last Updated: Sat Oct 7th, 2023_

Commit message:

Make some updates about interests :O

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "👋🏻 Hi there, I'm Xueru. "
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me 👩🏻‍🎓
🔬 I am pursuing a Master's in Electrical Engineering following my undergraduate education at [The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art](https://cooper.edu/welcome). **My work is on optimizing the power consumption and bandwidth of a quadrature phase generator for wireless communication.** I am advised by [Dr. Jabeom Koo](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=SQ9yG6wAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate) and I aim to complete my thesis by May 2024. 

📚 Currently, I am taking classes in Medical Imaging and Remote Sensing (analyzing satellite imagery), where I hone my image processing skills. On the side, I grade work for the undergraduate Circuit Analysis class that Professor Koo teaches.

🛜 My main research interest is in **Analog Radio Frequency Design**. I wish to pursue a PhD to delve deeper into this field and accomplish meaningful research in academia!

📖 Recent non-academic interests: _The Three Body Problem_ science-fiction trilogy, interior design in The Sims 4, and weightlifting 

## Recent News 🎉
📡 I finished my second summer at Persistent Systems, LLC in NYC, where I worked with engineers in the lab to characterize the power supply of prototype main boards, debug voltage rail issues, write automation scripts, design and run testing matrices among a handful of things. 

🎓 In May 2023, [I graduated](https://cooper.edu/gallery/commencement-2023#img_gallery-15) Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelors in Electrical Engineering and a minor in Computer Science.

_Last Updated: Sun Oct 8th, 2023_
